VAULT-29658: Docs update for AOP (#28238)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/concepts/adaptive-overload-protection/index.mdx

capacity can result in the writes queueing for so long that every request times
out before the write can make it through the queue. This makes Vault effectively
unavailable to clients even though it is still processing requests and storing

> data as fast as it can. This can also result in Replication lagging behind causing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data as fast as it can. This can also result in replication lagging behind causing
```
nit: but we don't treat "replication" as a proper noun.

> data discrepancies between replicated clusters. This is illustrated in the test

Reviewer: 🤔 I'm not sure this addition works just here. I like it and we could add a note about replication somewhere but for example, "This is illustrated" previously made sense because "this" was referring to the previous sentence's "... makes Vault effectively unavailable..." but now it's a bit confusing because it sounds like the image is illustrating something to do with replication lag?

Author: I moved that info under the graph.

results shown below for a workload of 100% logins.

![Login workload telemetry graphs showing difference with and without adaptive overload protection for writes](/img/adaptive-overload-protection-writes.png)

Adaptive Write Overload Protection prevents this scenario. It constantly
monitors the current state of the write queue and uses a carefully tuned
algorithm to allow just enough queueing to maximize throughput on the available
hardware while keeping latencies under control and unnecessary rejections to a

> minimum. Writes related to replication are always handled, avoiding a sudden
> increase of write requests causing replication lag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
minimum. Writes required to replicate data to a secondary cluster are always handled to avoid replication lag.
```

Write overload protection was added in Vault Enterprise 1.17 as a beta feature

> which is now enabled by default for Raft Integrated Storage. Adaptive overload
> protection is disabled by default for Consul storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and was disabled by default. Since Vault 1.18.0 it is enabled by default only when using Raft Integrated Storage. Adaptive overload
protection is disabled by default for Consul and other storage backends.
```
